docs: add section on prometheus.remote_write data retention (#5328)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/prometheus.remote_write.md

`prometheus.remote_write` uses [snappy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snappy_(compression)) for compression.

Any labels that start with `__` will be removed before sending to the endpoint.

## Data retention

The `prometheus.remote_write` component reuses the Prometheus Write-Ahead Log

> (WAL) implementation for resiliency against network outages. The component

Reviewer: The WAL is also useful in scenarios where the alternative (in-memory buffering) would be prohibitively expensive in terms of memory, such as when the samples per second being collected is high. 

Reading from the WAL allows us to control the pace at which collected metrics are buffered in memory.

> buffers the received metrics to a WAL per configured endpoint so that the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
buffers the received metrics to a WAL for each configured endpoint so that the
```

> [queue shards][] can flush them to it.

Reviewer 2: Where are the metrics being flushed? To the endpoint?

Author: Yes, but the sentence was reading a bit repetitive. Should I clarify here?

> The WAL records metrics in 128MB-files called segments. To avoid having a WAL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WAL records metrics in 128 MB files called segments. To avoid having a WAL
```

that grows on-disk indefinitely, the component _truncates_ its segments on a
set interval.

> On each truncation, the WAL deletes references to series that are no longer
> present to reduce memory usage, and also _checkpoints_ roughly the oldest
> 2/3rds of the segments written to it. A checkpoint means that the WAL only
> keeps track of the unique identifier for each existing metrics series, but
> deletes the actual samples associated with it. If that data has not been pushed
> to remote_write yet, it is lost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On each truncation, the WAL deletes references to series that are no longer
present and _checkpoints_ the oldest two thirds
of the segments written to it. A checkpoint means that the WAL only
keeps track of the unique identifier for each existing metrics series, and
deletes the actual samples associated with it. If that data has not yet been pushed
to remote_write, it is lost.
```

This behavior dictates the data retention for the `prometheus.remote_write`

> component. It also means that it is not possible to directly correlate data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
component. It also means that it is impossible to correlate data
```

retention directly to the data age itself, as the truncation logic works on
_segments_, not the samples themselves. This makes data retention less
predictable when the component receives a non-consistent rate of data.

> The [wal block][] contains some configurable parameters that can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [WAL block][] contains some configurable parameters that can be
```

> used to control the tradeoff between memory usage, disk usage and data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used to control the tradeoff between memory usage, disk usage, and data
```

retention.

The `truncate_frequency` parameter configures the interval at which truncations
happen. A lower value leads to reduced memory usage, but also provides less
resiliency to long outages.

When a WAL clean-up starts, the lowest successfully sent timestamp is used to
determine how much data is safe to remove from the WAL.
The `min_keepalive_time` controls the minimum age of samples considered for

> removal; no samples more recent than `min_keepalive_time` are removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
removal. No samples more recent than `min_keepalive_time` are removed.
```

The `max_keepalive_time` controls the maximum age of samples that can be kept

> in the WAL; samples older than `max_keepalive_time` are forcibly removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the WAL. Samples older than `max_keepalive_time` are forcibly removed.
```

### In cases of `remote_write` outages

> When the remote write endpoint is unreachable over a period of time, the lowest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

When the remote write endpoint is unreachable over a period of time, the lowest
```

successfully sent timestamp is not updated. In that case, only the
`min_keepalive_time` and `max_keepalive_time` arguments control the age range
of data kept in the WAL.

If the remote write outage is longer than the `max_keepalive_time` parameter,

> then the WAL is truncated and the oldest data is lost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then the WAL is truncated, and the oldest data is lost.
```

### In cases of intermittent `remote_write` outages

> In case the remote write endpoint is intermittently reachable, the lowest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If the remote write endpoint is intermittently reachable, the lowest
```

> succesfully sent timestamp is updated whenever the connection is successful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
successfully sent timestamp is updated whenever the connection is successful.
```

This updates the series' comparison with `min_keepalive_time` and triggers a

> truncation on the `truncate_frequency` interval which will checkpoint roughly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
truncation on the `truncate_frequency` interval which will checkpoint
```

Author: This is not an exact number, as it correlates with the number of _segments_, or 128MB-sized files and not the data itself, that's why I put 'roughly' there.

Is there a better way to express that?

Author: Yeah, I get what you're saying. Your suggestion reads better now.

> the oldest 2/3rds of the data written since the previous truncation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the oldest two thirds of the data written since the previous truncation.
```

### In cases of falling behind

> In case the [queue shards][] cannot flush data quickly enough to keep

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If the [queue shards][] cannot flush data quickly enough to keep
```

up-to-date with the most recent data buffered in the WAL, we say that the
component is 'falling behind'.

> It's not unusual for the component to fall behind 2 or 3 scrape intervals
> temporarily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's not unusual for the component to temporarily fall behind 2 or 3 scrape intervals.
```

> If the component falls behind more than 1/3rd of the data written since the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the component falls behind more than one third of the data written since the
```

last truncate interval, it is possible for the truncate loop to checkpoint data

> before they've had a chance to be pushed to the remote_write endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before being pushed to the remote_write endpoint.
```

[queue shards]: #queue_config-block

> [wal block]: #wal-block

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[WAL block]: #wal-block
```
